SSO for review (#563)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/single-sign-on.adoc

= Single Sign-On (SSO)
:description: SSO allows you to log in to the Aura Console using their company IdP credentials.

> * *AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud and AuraDS Enterprise* Supports both Organization SSO and Instance SSO which are configurable in the Aura console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud and AuraDS Enterprise* support Single Sign-On both on Organization and Instance levels, configurable in the Aura console. 
```

Reviewer: I'm missing information here about the limitations of SSO (ie that access, roles, and permissions are controlled via RBAC).
Also, a page should start with some sort of introduction, even if it is just a one-sentence paragraph. I suggest you remove the bullets here.

> * *AuraDB Virtual Dedicated Cloud and AuraDS Enterprise* Supports both Organization SSO and Instance SSO which are configurable in the Aura console. 

Reviewer 2: I believe organization SSO is available to all orgs. Will confirm this.

Reviewer 2: I started questioning this logic, because we don't have a technical reason for this limitation.

In the next year, we plan to remove this restriction so that org SSO is available for all orgs.

Author: Good stuff, SSO for all orgs will be a better user experience!

> Organization owners and organization admins can configure one or more Single Sign-On (SSO) login methods for user authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization owners and organization admins can configure one or more SSO login methods for user authentication.
```

> * *AuraDB Business Critical* Individual instance level SSO is available by request through support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*AuraDB Business Critical* Individual instance level SSO is available by request through support.
```

> * *AuraDB Business Critical* Individual instance level SSO is available by request through support.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is right, it's available to BC instances by default. Will confirm this.

Author: Right, but support can set up a special configuration so that only 1 instance in a project with multiple instances has SSO applied to it, and this is only available to Business Critical according to our support colleague. Would that be corret?

SSO allows users to authenticate through an Identity Provider (IdP) to access an organization or instances within a project.
 
== Organization SSO 

> _Use as a login method for the organization_ 

Reviewer: Why is this in italics?

== SSO levels

Organization owners and admins can configure one or more Single Sign-On (SSO) login methods for user authentication. 
SSO enables users to authenticate through an Identity Provider (IdP) for access to an organization or instances within a project.

> There are two configuration options: *Organization SSO* and *Instance SSO*. 

Reviewer: What about Project SSO?

> Note that role mapping is a feature exclusive to Instance SSO.

Reviewer: But the next section is about roles at the org level?

|
|===

== Instance SSO 

> _Use as a login method for instances within Projects in this Org._

Reviewer: Again, why italics?

> You can choose which projects are included during set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select which projects are included during setup.
```

> You can choose which projects are included during set up.

Author: Good idea, I'll add it

> Applies to authentication at the instance level meaning that the SSO login method is shown when a user tries to access an instance.

Reviewer: What is this referring to? The sentence is missing a subject?

> Role mapping is a feature exclusive to Instance SSO.

Reviewer: Is it really? Role mapping exists at org level too and you've listed a whole table about org-level roles and their privileges.
I think what you're trying to say is that role-mapping via SSO is only available for instance SSO?

=== Instance SSO login methods

* Okta
* Microsoft Entra ID

You cannot disable user/password.
Professional and Free instances within your selected projects will not have SSO configured.

== Setup requirements

> Setting up SSO requires:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up SSO, you need:
```
Or else you are just repeating the previous line.
